.\"  -*- nroff -*-
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.TH HERODOTOS 1 "August 28, 2010"

.\" see http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html
.\" see http://www.linuxjournal.com/article/1158
.\" see http://www.schweikhardt.net/man_page_howto.html
.\" groff -Tascii -man ./herodotos.1 | more
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.\"
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively. Also \fR for roman.
.\" pad: src: deputy man page
.SH NAME
herodotos \- tracking occurrences of code patterns across several project versions.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B herodotos
.B -c
.I <configfile>
.B --init
.RB [ --cvs ]
.br
.B herodotos
.B -c
.I <configfile>
.B --correl
.br
.B herodotos
.B -c
.I <configfile>
.RB [ --stat | --statcorrel | --statfp ]
.br
.B herodotos
.B -c
.I <configfile>
.RB [ --eps ]
.RB [ --png ]
.RB [ -w | --web ]
.RB [ -v | -vv | -vvv ]
.br
.B herodotos
.B -c
.I <configfile>
.B --erase
.RB [
.I pattern
.RB |
.I project
.RB ]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBherodotos\fP is a program to correlate code pattern occurrences
across several versions of software projects. Code pattern occurrences
are identified by third partie software, such as Coccinelle. Herodotos
builds and computes graphs and statistics about the occurrences. We
currently computes information such as average lifetime, evolution of
the number of occurrences, evolution of the occurrence density with
respect to the project code base size, number of occurrences
introduced by a new file, number of occurrences removed by deleting a
file. Herodotos could be used to compare several kinds of patterns
between multiple software projects. It is particularly useful to study
evolution of bugs that can be described as code patterns.

Herodotos do not assume to be used with a particular tool for finding
occurrences, but it relies on the reports to be formatted in the Emacs
Org mode with hyperlinks.

.PP
Further information about herodotos is available at
\fBhttp://coccinelle.lip6.fr/herodotos/\fP.

.SH OPTIONS
Here is a summary of the most commonly used options:

.TP
.B -c \fI<configfile>\fP
.TP
.B --config \fI<configfile>\fP
the Herodotos configuration file
.TP
.B --init
initialize the environment
.TP
.B --correl
launch the automatic correlation process
.TP
.B --stat --statcorrel --statfp
compute the statistics, either related to the correlation, the false
positives or both.
.TP
.B --longhelp
see all the available options
.TP
.B -h, -help, --help
show the list of options.

.SH EXAMPLES

  herodotos -c <hcl.file> --init
.br
  herodotos -c <hcl.file> --correl
.br
  herodotos -c <hcl.file> --web

.SH AUTHOR
\fBherodotos\fP was written by Nicolas Palix <npalix@diku.dk>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Nicolas Palix <npalix@diku.dk>.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Send a mail to <npalix@diku.dk>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2009, 2010, University of Copenhagen DIKU and INRIA.
herodotos is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, according to version 2 of the License.

.SH SEE ALSO
spatch(1), org2sql (1), sql2jgr (1), diff(1)
