.\"  -*- nroff -*-
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.TH ORG2SQL 1 "August 28, 2010"

.\" see http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html
.\" see http://www.linuxjournal.com/article/1158
.\" see http://www.schweikhardt.net/man_page_howto.html
.\" groff -Tascii -man ./org2sql.1 | more
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.\"
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively. Also \fR for roman.
.\" pad: src: deputy man page
.SH NAME
org2sql \- export org reports by generating SQL queries.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B org2sql
.B --prefix
.I <prefix>
.RB [ --notes ]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBorg2sql\fP is a program to generate SQL queries from Org reports.
It is part of the Herodotos tool suite.

.PP
Further information about org2sql is available at
\fBhttp://coccinelle.lip6.fr/herodotos/\fP.

.SH OPTIONS
Here is a summary of the options:

.TP
.B --prefix \fI<prefix>\fP
The file prefix to suppress from Org links
.TP
.B --notes
Whether the Org and SQL represent notes
.TP
.B -h, -help, --help
show the list of options.
.TP
.B -v, --version
show the version

.SH EXAMPLES

  org2sql --prefix /var/linux Linux-2.6_err.org
.br
  org2sql --notes --prefix /var/linux Linux-2.6_err_notes.org

.SH AUTHOR
\fBorg2sql\fP was written by Nicolas Palix <npalix@diku.dk>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Nicolas Palix <npalix@diku.dk>.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Send a mail to <npalix@diku.dk>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2009, 2010, University of Copenhagen DIKU and INRIA.
org2sql is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, according to version 2 of the License.

.SH SEE ALSO
herodotos (1), spatch(1), sql2jgr(1)
