.\"  -*- nroff -*-
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.TH SQL2JGR 1 "August 28, 2010"

.\" see http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html
.\" see http://www.linuxjournal.com/article/1158
.\" see http://www.schweikhardt.net/man_page_howto.html
.\" groff -Tascii -man ./sql2jgr.1 | more
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.\"
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively. Also \fR for roman.
.\" pad: src: deputy man page
.SH NAME
sql2jgr \- Extract data from a postgreSQL database and generate jgraph
files to represent them.  It is part of the Herodotos tool suite.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sql2jgr
.B -c
.I <configfile>
.RB [ --jgr ]
.RB [ --eps ]
.RB [ --png ]
.RB [ -w | --web ]
.RB [ -v | -vv | -vvv ]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsql2jgr\fP is a program to extract data from a postgreSQL database
and generate jgraph files to represent them.

.PP
Further information about sql2jgr is available at
\fBhttp://coccinelle.lip6.fr/herodotos/\fP.

.SH OPTIONS
Here is a summary of the most commonly used options:

.TP
.B -c \fI<configfile>\fP
.TP
.B --config \fI<configfile>\fP
the Sql2jgr configuration file
.TP
.B --jgr
only generate jgr files. Useful for further processing by other tools.
.TP
.B --eps
only generate jgr and eps files (no PDF)
.TP
.B --png
also generate png files
.TP
.B --web
generate website
.TP
.B --longhelp
see all the available options
.TP
.B -h, -help, --help
show the list of options.
.TP
.B -v, -vv, -vvv
set verbosity.

.SH EXAMPLES

  sql2jgr -c <hcl.file> --jgr
.br
  sql2jgr -c <hcl.file> --web

.SH AUTHOR
\fBsql2jgr\fP was written by Nicolas Palix <npalix@diku.dk>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Nicolas Palix <npalix@diku.dk>.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Send a mail to <npalix@diku.dk>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2009, 2010, University of Copenhagen DIKU and INRIA.
sql2jgr is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, according to version 2 of the License.

.SH SEE ALSO
spatch(1), herodotos (1), org2sql (1)
